### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is a JWT?
A Jason Web Token is a string made of 3 parts: a header, the payload, and the signature. The header contains metadata about the token. The payload is the data that can be stored in the token, which is typically an object often storing items such as the user ID/username, etc. The payload is encoded. JWTs are an open standard and are implemented across technology stacks, making it simple to share tokens across different services. JWTs can store arbitrary "payload" of info, which are "signed" using a secret key, so they can be validated later.

- What is the signature portion of the JWT?  What does it do?
The signature is the header and payload signed with a secret key, which uses the algorithm specified in the header. 

- If a JWT is intercepted, can the attacker see what's inside the payload?
Yes. The header and payload are encoded in Base64 format, which is returned as a string of characters. That string can be decoded and the attacker can take infomration form the object. The signature is to verify the identity of the sender to ensure that an unintended party is not taking data or changing it. 

- How can you implement authentication with a JWT?  Describe how it works at a high level. The signature is the result of taking the header and payload and encoding them together in Base64 and then adding a secret that only that application knows on the server-side. The result is a token made of a string of characters. Every time your servers will verify that that particular token is received. 

- Compare and contrast unit, integration and end-to-end tests.
E2E tests test an application's flow from start to finish by simulating entire real user scenario. This helps you find user bugs up front. However in contrast to unit tests, E2E tests can break easily when 1 fthing is changed and are not as maintainable. (Selenium/Cypress)


- What is a mock? What are some things you would mock?
Promarily used in unit testing. An object under test may have dependencies on other complex objects. To isolate the behavior, other objects are replaced by "mocks" that simulate their behavior. Mocks can make it faster and you don't have to wait for API responses or rate limits. (Jest)

- What is continuous integration?
CI is the practice of merging small code cahnges frequently rather than a large change at the end fo a dev cycle. This helps build better software by testing in smaller increments. (Travis CI/Jenkins/Circle CI/Buddy)

- What is an environment variable and what are they used for?
A variable outside the scope of an application that is accessible by the application. The variable is usally key-value pairs sued to configure & customize behavior of the application & OS.

- What is TDD? What are some benefits and drawbacks?
Test Driven Development. This is when we write our tests first and write the necessary code after to make sure the tests pass.

- What is the value of using JSONSchema for validation?
To ensure your DB does not have bad data ebing stored, to reduce the amount of code for processing/validating data, and to get a validation system that is easy to setup and maintain.

- What are some ways to decide which code to test?
I think it depends on your application. Are you working with an API? Test the API response then. Do you have a lot of routes? Test the endpoints and make sure they are working, etc.

- What does `RETURNING` do in SQL? When would you use it?
Clause in SQLused with UPDATE, INSERT, and DELETE. Allows you to return values generated by the DB duirng the execution of statements.

- What are some differences between Web Sockets and HTTP?
HTTP follows req, res model (user send s areq and server responds). Web sockets provide duplex communication allowing btoh user and server to send messages independently. HTTP is stateless whereas as web sockets are stateful. HTTP typically send stext-based data fomrats like JSON/XML wheras web sockets handle binary data and text.

- Did you prefer using Flask over Express? Why or why not (there is no right
  answer here --- we want to see how you think about technology)?
  I think I prefer Flask over Express, but it may just be because I felt that I spent more time working with Flask and Python than JavaScript for backend. I am definitely less scared of Express and Node, so hopefully I will feel equally as comfortable with Flask and Express soon.
